
About You

The following information is already a part of your edX profile. We've included it here for your application.
Username
mateo139
Email address
mateo.laska@gmail.com
Legal name
Mateusz Laska
Country of residence
Poland
Course
Select the course for which you want to earn a verified certificate. If the course does not appear in the list, make sure that you have enrolled in the audit track for the course.
Annual Household Income
Specify your annual household income in US Dollars.


Tell us about your current financial situation. Why do you need assistance?
Use between 1250 and 2500 characters or so in your response.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm main feeder of my family (me, my wife, my 3 children and mother in low).
In this year (2022) we'd move to new house, built by ourselves. We still have many works to do (mainly outside) to provide our children safe condition to live and grow. 
We have to pay off the loans.
Prices of grocery goods are significantly rising, as well energy prices will be raised from 2023, while my salary is not increasing.

Tell us about your learning or professional goals. How will a Verified Certificate in this course help you achieve these goals?
Use between 1250 and 2500 characters or so in your response.
I'm graduated civil engineer, but my goal is to become Python Developer. I want to make such a transition because of good growth opportunities in IT nowadays, chance for working in home (closer to family), better salary (in long term horizon), better self satisfaction working as a programmer than civil engineer. 
I hope to get my 1st job as a Junior Python Developer after getting certified by HarvardX.

Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate?
Use between 1250 and 2500 characters or so in your response. 
I'm self motivated to do this course regularly and to finish it with the best possibly mark.
I want to learn Python in the most effective way and after making research (also trying other courses), I have noticed that Your course is the best and the most professional I ever found.
I'm ready to spend my free time working on this course, as well as spend on it some part of my holidays.